NOTES on API's

- What is an API (Application Programming Interface)
  An API is a set of commands, functions, objects, and protocols that
    programmers can use to create software or interact with an external system.

  This means that live data can be pulled from certain websites
    and used within our own python programs.

  An API is an interface, or a barrier, between your program and
    an external system.

  Use the rules that the API has prescribed to make a request to the
    external system for some piece of data.

  If you have structured your request according to all of the requirements
    that this external system has set out in their API, they will respond to
    you appropriately and give you the data that you want.

  BUT, if you don't follow the rules, then your request will be invalid and
    they will tell you to go away.

- Some examples of websites that have their own API's
  Yahoo! Weather has their own weather API that can be tapped into to get
    10-day weather forecasts, wind, atmosphere & astronomy conditions.

  Coinbase has an API that let's you tap into the current live prices of crypto

  NBA also has an API for getting various stats and info on players, teams,
    coaches, leagues, historical and other advanced data.

- A Metaphor That Explains API's:
  Imagine the website as a restaurant and the data as the kitchen.
  As a member of the public, we can't just walk in and start raiding the
  cupboards. That's what the menu is for. The menu serves as a sort of interface
  between you and the resaurant. It's the thing that tells you what you can
  and can't order. This is exactly what an API is - a menu.

- API Endpoints
  An API endpoint is one of the most important aspects of an API. This endpoint
  is a location. If we want to get data from an external service, we need to
  know that data's location. For example: when you get money out of a bank, you
  first need to know where that bank is and what is it's address. As it pertains
  to an API, that endpoint is usually in the form of a URL. So, if you wanted
  to get data from Coinbase, that endpoint URL is 'api.coinbase.com'

- API Request
  In addition to knowing the API endpoint, you also have to make a request over
  the internet. This API request is similar to going to the bank to get some
  money out (trying to withdrawl some data). In this case, the bank teller is
  acting as the API. You can make all kinds of requests to the teller, such as:
  "I'd like to withdrawl $XX.XX", which requires you to provide some ID and a
  bank account number. But you can also perform simpler "GET" requests, such as:
  "What are your opening hours?". Requests like that would require no type of
  authentication.

- Response Codes
  100's: Hold on. Something is happening. This is not final.
  200's: Here you go! Everything was successful.
  300's: You don not have permission to access this thing.
  400's: You screwed up.
  500's: The server screwed up.
  404: The thing you're looking for does not exist.